+++
menu = "main"
title = "YoungLife at Oakland University Waiver"
type = "waiver"
weight = 2
subheader = ""
action = "https://formcarry.com/s/ryVeS-jIG"
buttontext = "By clicking this button, I agree to the terms and conditions stated above."
+++

I, the person named on this form, will be participating in Scouching and Sledding, (hereafter the “activity”) sponsored by YoungLife at Oakland University, located in Rochester, MI on February 9, 2018. I understand and confirm that my participation in the activity is voluntary. I confirm and represent that I am over the age of 18, or if I am not, that my parent or guardian has signed for me. I recognize that there are risks involved in participating in this activity and hereby assume all risks, unknown or known, foreseeable or unforeseeable, of injury, harm, damage, or death in connection with my participation in this activity. I understand and agree that neither YoungLife at Oakland University, Inc., nor its trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives may be held liable in any way for any injury, harm, damage, or death that may occur to me as a result of my participation in this activity and hereby release Oakland University and Younglife at Oakland University, its trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from any and all liability for, and waive any claim for, any personal injury, harm, death, economic or noneconomic damages or loss, including attorneys’ fees, in any way connected with my participation in the activity including transportation to an from the activity, even if caused by the negligent acts or omissions or other misconduct of Oakland University or Younglife at Oakland University or any of its trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives. I accept personal responsibility for any liability, personal injury, economic or noneconomic damages or loss connected with my participation in the activity. To the fullest extent permitted by law, I agree to indemnify, save and hold harmless (i.e., to reimburse and be responsible for) Oakland University and Younglife at Oakland University, its trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from any claim by myself, my estate, heirs, successors, assigns or other persons arising out of my participation in the activity. This waiver shall be binding upon my relatives, personal representatives, heirs, beneficiaries, next of kin, or assigns. I authorize Oakland University and YoungLife at Oakland University through its trustees, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives to render or obtain such emergency medical care or treatment for me as may be necessary should any injury, harm or accident occur to me while participating in this activity. I understand and acknowledge that Oakland University and YoungLife at Oakland University does not provide health or medical insurance in connection with the activity and I agree that I will be financially responsible for any bills incurred as a result of medical treatment, including emergency medical treatment and/or transportation to a medical facility, in connection with my participation in the activity. This instrument shall be governed, construed, and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of Michigan.